Add validator consolidation (#476)
stakewise/v3-operator: README.md

Validators 513571, 513572, 513861 exits successfully initiated
```

### Validators consolidation

> Converting 0x01 validators to compound validators via сonsolidate command.
> The wallet used to execute this command must be set as the Validators Manager in the vault settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts 0x01 validators to compound validators (0x02) using the consolidate command.
The wallet executing this command must be set as the Validators Manager in the vault settings.
```

Command options:

- Targeted consolidation: Specify `--from-keys` and `--to-key` parameters to consolidate only selected validators.

```bash
./operator consolidate --vault=0x000...  --from-keys=0x001,0x002 --to-key=0x003
```text
Enter comma separated list of API endpoints for execution nodes: : https://example.com
Enter the comma separated list of API endpoints for consensus nodes: https://example.com
Enter your vault address: 0x3320ad928c20187602a2b2c04eeaa813fa899468
Consolidating 2 validators:
    0x001 -> 0x003
    0x002 -> 0x003
Proceed consolidation? [Y/n]: y
Fetched signatures for validator consolidation: Received 11 out of 11 approvals
Submitting consolidate validators transaction
Waiting for transaction 0x00000... confirmation
Validators has been successfully consolidated
```

- Default Mode: Consolidates all vault validators into the minimum possible number of validators. Can be limited via `--count` parametr.

```bash
./operator consolidate --vault=0x000...
...

> ```

Reviewer: please update the readme according to the comments below
